Project Name: Music Feast / Live Feast
Team Name: Close Connect Consultants / Everyone Eats Entertainment
Payment Address: ccc.sputnikdao.near 
Level: 2 

Overview

Music Feast by Close Connect Consultants (CCC) is a decentralized, community driven major record label / publishing house.

CCC is going to be the first decentralized major NFT Label / Publishing house / Marketplace made by artists for artists. It will offer fans the opportunity to own a part of their favorite music released on the NEAR Blockchain. With a team of internal platinum selling songwriters, producers, engineers, A&R’s, graphic artists we guarantee to be releasing the highest quality music and art on the chain.

This will be the first decentralized NFT Label / Publishing house / marketplace of this caliber to allow the community to drive the marketing campaigns through a DAO which will be funded by a percentage of the revenue generated from the sale of the NFT’s.

Close Connect Consultants (CCC) is a company dedicated to bringing high caliber talent to the NEAR Blockchain by assisting in the content production and marketing strategies of NFT drops, with a marketplace that takes a fan through a journey of NFT and song ownership options.

The business will be divided into three (3) front-facing brands. The music marketplace will be called Music Feast. There will be a ticketing and merch company, called Live Feast. As well, a Record Label/Music Publishing House, consisting of internal platinum selling songwriters, producers, and Grammy Award winning engineers, called Everyone Eats Entertainment (EEE).

This is a platform that will be developed by artists who have been deeply involved in the traditional music industry for decades. We are all ready and eager to make the change for the betterment of the music community. Everyone Eats Entertainment is not just a name, but a promise that everyone involved will get their piece of the pie. It has been too long that corporations, so far removed from the creation of art, have been controlling the content and the revenue generated by hard working artists.

CCC plans to build on NEAR utilizing mintbase smart contracts due to its fast and inexpensive transactions.  The goal is to make NFTs available to the masses, and to simplify the purchasing process.  NEAR Protocol and Mintbase make this an achievable goal, which will be attractive to large artists with major followings.  

CCC's vision has always been to help onboard the masses to NEAR Protocol by using artists as PR.  The goal is to tap into the artist network by providing them a secure space to drop large high quality projects and make it simple for their fan bases to adopt.  The ability to reach millions of fans is not a far-fetched idea with CCC's team, NEAR Protocol, and Mintbase smart contract technology. 

CCC has a tremendous amount of experience in the traditional music industry.  The shortcomings are in abundance, and we see an amazing opportunity to level the playing field for creators on all levels of success. 


Ecosystem Fit

Help us locate your project in the Mintbase landscape and what problems it tries to solve by answering each of these questions:

Everyone Eats Entertainment is a decentralized NFT record label with an NFT market place specializing in tiered NFT drops and ticketing.  

The target market for the NFT products are crypto and non crypto savvy fans, of all genres of music. In addition to high caliber, platinum and gold selling recording artists. 

Using CCC's connections in the entertainment industry, we are going to be increasing on-chain transactions by reaching millions of fans through high caliber talent and fame.  With the use of DAO's and a tokenomics system, we increase interaction to promote a better sense of community. 

There are many marketplaces in the NEAR ecosystem, but we are confident that ours will stand apart with a few key differences.  
Our team consists of music industry veterans who have a solid understanding of the ins and outs of the entertainment industry.  
Our tokenomics work as a social coin plus governance token that promotes community involvement, giving fans the opportunity to help steer the direction of the business.
Song ownership options are available in the later tiered NFT drops, and CCC will be working to place these songs in film, television, video games to increase NFTs value. 
Portion of revenue will be given back to the marketing / PR DAO for community led campaigns and initiatives. 
CCC will be signing celebrities for NFT drops, giving the fans the opportunity to own some of their favorite artists' work. 

The Team

Team Leader
Justin Burkholder - https://www.linkedin.com/in/justin-burkholder-a7747a43/

Team members
Blake Harden - https://www.linkedin.com/in/blakeharden/
Marcel Primous 

Designer
Lourdes Alejandría (linkedin.com/in/lourdes-alejandría)


Layout
Herian Palencia (linkedin.com/in/herian-palencia-523018232)

NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence

FrontEnd
Linda Rosario  (https://www.linkedin.com/in/linda-rosario-duran-5b9559127/)

NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence

Backend
Hector Palencia (linkedin.com/in/hector-rizziero-palencia-micarelli-7b3023176)
NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence
 
Juan Ochando (linkedin.com/in/juan-josé-ochando-327927220)

NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence


Gabriel Perez  (https://www.linkedin.com/in/frank-gabriel-perez-gil-8a24a716b/)

NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence

Full stack
Leyner Aponte (linkedin.com/in/leyner-aponte-vzla)

NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence
NEAR Certified Instructor

Project Manager
María Eugenia Arévalo( linkedin.com/in/mearevalol )


NEAR Certified Developer
NEAR Developer in Residence


Contact Name: Justin Charles Burkholder 
Contact Email: jburkholder1985@gmail.com

Legal Structure
(In Progress) 

US Limited Liability Partnership (LLP)
The set up is like an LLC in that it should act as a flow-through entity for US tax purposes, although may require setting up an additional 
corporation or LLC to act as the general partner to hold nominal (1%) interest. Again, partners calculate and pay their tax on their own return. However, a partnership return is required to allocate the income, and a separate return for the management corporation may be required to report the management corporation’s share of profits.

The LLP must withhold US tax at the top marginal rate (currently 37%) with respect to the allocation of income to the Canadian resident member. Again, the withholding tax is an installment toward the final tax liability of the Canadian partner and the Canadian partner should expect a refund of overpaid withholding taxes when the Canadian partner files his nonresident tax return. 

Unlike the LLC however, the LLP is also considered a flow through entity for Canadian tax purposes. This helps to align the Canadian and US taxation and should limit the potential for double taxation for the Canadian resident partner. In addition, with an LLP, income received from the LLP should retain its character. This means the capital gain income would be taxed at Canadian rates of up to 26.77% instead of 53.53%. 

This structure would include additional set up costs and annual compliance fees as this structure would likely require a partnership return plus a corporate return for the management corporation.


Team Experience
The Core Team 

Justin Burkholder is an entrepreneur / music producer.  In 2012 Justin graduated from Metalworks   Institute, Canada's Premier Entertainment Arts School where he majored in Audio Engineering and Entertainment Business.  Upon graduation, Justin moved to Malaysia as a recording engineer in the film and television industries.  The studio Justin worked for closed due to a business acquisition which sent Justin down a path of entrepreneurship.  He helped establish a green technology start up business and secured partnerships with  distributors in Asia and Europe.  He worked with local governments and Malaysia's Ministry of Defense to help "green their fleets".  

Justin acquired the distribution rights to an audio brand called Gecko Audio, which brought him back to North America, and put him back on track to music and production. 

During the pandemic, Justin used the slow down to create and get involved with more musical projects.  He connected with a friend who founded a guild called NxM, and encouraged Justin to take the plunge into web3. Through collaborations Justin co-founded C1 Guild and helps to educate new community members on Web3 and NFT technology.  His aim is to help build the community, and give opportunities to people who would normally not have them. 
  
Blake Harden has been a professional audio engineer since 2005. His introduction to the major label music industry, and working with the world’s elite musicians, came as soon as he landed in Atlanta.  Through friends, he met and began working closely with award winning Broadway music composer, Justin Ellington, on projects ranging in genre from free jazz (Kebbi Williams), to funk-driven musicals (Five Fingers Of Funk) , to live Afrobeat albums (Muisiki Scales); all the way to mainstream Pop, R&B, and Hip Hop, with Bangladesh Productions (Ludacris, Lil Wayne, Beyoncé, Kelis, 8Ball and MJG,).  Soon after, Blake found himself engineering all over Atlanta, both in the studio and live events (Fishbone, The Nightwatchman, Johnny Winters, and many more). In 2007, he got an internship at Tree Sound Studios in Atlanta, GA.  There, he trained under, assisted, and worked alongside, a lot of great engineers, producers, and musicians; gathering an eclectic range of recording techniques, as well as credits. From live acts at our Solar Powered Music Festivals, to major recording acts like Usher, Tech N9ne, Sevendust, Juvenile, Nappy Roots,  STS, Yelawolf, The Justice League, Mayday Parade, Manchester Orchestra, Bob Baldwin, Ike Stubblefield, YonRico Scott, Jimmy Herring, Col. Bruce Hampton, Sonny Emory, Lil’ John Roberts, Jeff Sipe, Killer Mike, Immortal Technique, Jackie Chain,   Rehab, Struggle Jennings, Rittz, Bow Wow, and many more.

In 2013, Blake and his wife relocated to Los Angeles, CA. Utilizing his network of a few highly talented, close friends, he made his way into becoming a go-to freelance engineer in Los Angeles.  Eventually, he was working consistently on some of the biggest major label projects in the world, garnering many Billboard Number 1’s, over 20 Grammy Nominations and 2 wins, as well as dozens of Gold and Platinum selling albums from artists like Travis Scott, Kendrick Lamar, SZA, Juice WRLD, Calvin Harris, DJ Khaled, Rhapsody, Jay Rock, Diddy, 21 Savage, Pusha T, Katie Perry, Fifth Hamony, and Thunderkat.

During the Covid 19 pandemic, Blake partnered up with fellow engineer and producer, Shane Smith (Los Lobos, Robert Francis, Kim Deal), and punk rock producer and guitar legend, Greg Hetson (Circle Jerks, Bad Religion, Red Kross, Punk Rock Karaoke), at Hetson Sound.  They started remote mixing and producing records right away.  Newer and legendary Punk Rock groups, Independent Pop and Hip Hop, Electronic, Metal, and American; really anything that they found interesting.  Acts such as Punk Rock Karaoke with Tony Hawk, The Humblers, Winsome and Winsome, The Savage Patch Kidds, Sylvan LaCue, The Modifiers, Robert Francis and The End Times, Pistol For Ringo, and others. 

Dion Primo (Carson, California born Marcel Dion Primous) is an American songwriter . Dion Primo was part of the Soundkillers music production group which also consisted of music producer-songwriter REO and music producers Phoenix & Sham.   He has worked with artist Bun B , T-Pain , Rick Ross , Meek Mill , Lupe Fiasco , Birdman , Ray-J, Raheem DeVaughn , OJ Da Juiceman , LEP Bogus Boys, Mobb Deep , Slaughterhouse , WC, Nipsey Hussle, Too Short and many more. 

The Developers 
DV Consultores

15 years of experience

Worked with clients on applications such as:

Decentralized Finance Software

Cryptocurrency Payment Wallet

Marketplace NFT

Software for Control of Production Processes

Process Audit Software for BPM

Reports, Indicators and Dashboard

HR Budget Software

Outsourcing Functional Support Heinz

For each milestone,

make sure to include a specification of your software. Treat it as a contract; the level of detail must be enough to later verify that the software meets the specification.
include the amount of funding requested per milestone.
include documentation (tutorials, API specifications, architecture diagrams, whatever is appropriate) in each milestone. This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
provide a test suite, comprising unit and integration tests, along with a guide on how to set up and run them.
commit to providing Dockerfiles for the delivery of your project.
indicate milestone duration as well as number of full-time employees working on each milestone.
Deliverables 0a-0d are mandatory for all milestones, and deliverable 0e at least for the last one. If you do not intend to deliver one of these, please state a reason in its specification (e.g. Milestone X is research oriented and as such there is no code to test).
⚡ If any of your deliverables is based on somebody else's work, make sure you work and publish under the terms of the license of the respective project and that you highlight this fact in your milestone documentation and in the source code if applicable! Teams that submit others' work without attributing it will be immediately terminated. (Developers will update as project advances)

Overview

The project will take an estimated time of 5 months to complete.
Upon acceptance - $6,000
Closing month 1 - $6,000
Closing month 2 - $6,000
Closing month 3 - $6,000
Closing month 4 - $6,000
Closing month 5 - $6,000

Total: $36,000


8 DV Consultores Developers will be working on this project full time.


More Info about mock and grantt

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d24b3qT2tvCm2DAYR1dyyJVwGKAe8p19Dfcx6NalnzI/edit?usp=sharing

